{\rtf1 \ansi \deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0\fnil Arial;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}\margl1440 \margr1440 \margt720 \margb1440 \paperw12240 \paperh15840 {\pard \qc \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs18 \b **This is a Negotiable Instrument and MUST BE PROCESSED as a Negotiable Instrument 18 USC 8 **}\par}{\pard \qc \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs18 \b MEMORANDUM}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs18 Fiduciary Collector:}\par}{\pard \qc \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs18 \b *** This Note MUST be Deposited/Processed as a Negotiable Instrument ***}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 This Note is a Secured Transferrable Negotiable Instrument meeting all requirements of U.C.C. - Article 3, as a Money Order. This Note, credit agreement, bills of exchange, and checks are defined as legal tender, or money, by the statutes such as 12 USC 1813(1)(1), UCC }{\f0 \fs24 71-201(24), 73-104, 78-102(9), 79-102(9), (11), (12) b, (49), (64).}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 Post the uncollected funds in the asset column of this account and charge the offer and acceptance for settlement; prepaid and exempt when entered in the post-closing Balance.}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 This statement constitutes Maker}{\f0 \fs24 \uc0\u8217 s order to pay this instrument upon presentment and endorsement. As an operation of law, Payee tacily consents and agrees that there is accord and satisfaction by use of this instrument to satisfy Payee\uc0\u8217 s claim and Maker is hereby discharged from liability on this alleged account and the obligation is suspended in accordance with law as codified at UCC 77 3-310(b), 3-311, 3-603, and Public Policy at House Joint Resolution 192 of June 5, 1933.}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 Maker does not waive timeliness. However, if Payee needs additional time, Payee must present Maker with a written request for additional time within a reasonable time, setting forth the reason Payee requests an extension of time, with good cause shown. The acceptiablity of any such request received by Maker from Payee is conditional upon approval by Maker.}\par}{\pard \qc \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 7 3-311. ACCORD AND SATISFACTION BY USE OF INSTRUMENT.}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 Should there be any question, please have your/your Banks }{\f0 \fs24 \uc0\u8220 attorneys\uc0\u8221  handle this matter as they are \uc0\u8220 legally competent\uc0\u8221  to handle a negotiable instrument and understand their workings. }{\f0 \fs20 \b Ignorance of the Law is no excuse to mis-process this Note}{\f0 \fs20 . If your Local Branch does not know how to process this insturment, I would contact a National VP of your bank and have them get their legal team to instruct your local branch on processing this instrument. In the event this instrument is not presented for payment within a reasonable period of time, and there has been no request for an extension of time with good cause shown, Payee tacitly consents and agrees that Maker has satisfied/discharged the debt claim on thai alleged account.}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 Payee tacitly consents and agrees that Payee has a duty to prevent this debt claim/monetary obligation from damaging Maker in any way, and that Payee cofesses judgment and Maker reserves the right to initiate a counterclaim against Payee, and file a claim against the bond any responsible party, including Payee and all principals, agents, and assignees of Payee, whose acts/omissions result in tort damages against Maker. Should this Note be dishonored and/or not be honored, this letter is further presentment and serving as a NOTICE OF DISHONOR in accord with U.C.C - Article 3. }{\f0 \fs24 73-503: \uc0\u8220 NOTICE OF DISHONOR\uc0\u8221  Interference with Commerce Notice - 18 U.S. Code 7 1951}\par}{\pard \ql \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 For questions regarding this draft, contact Maker by written correspondence:}\par}{\pard \qr \sa216 \sl240 \slmult1 \cbpat2 {\f0 \fs20 Dusty-Gene: Brillhart. PO Box 165, Elkhart, Kansas  67950}}}